safa everybody minute Asian cuisine
dessert place with this guy you may know
him look up kurt hugo schneider no big
deal all crazy going i said i go dude
let's go get ice cream he's like yes I'm
in I'm like perfect I'm in too
alright that's just let's just do let's
just go like real quick tutorial what
get out
got your boba right here which is
incredible that is Isis tastes like
tapioca little droplets of heaven you
got milk pudding right here which is
also really good and coconut jelly I
think what's the third one you get like
three top engine bay and it shows up as
well it's a good experience but you can
go really badly so it's my point you can
see this right here that's a red bean I
got it beans in the ice cream clean
literally open the canopy but it's not
ice cream first off let's not go this
it's like using a shave and shave like
it shaved ice goes it would be okay the
work is saying shave dices ate an ice
cream yes this is that all good I don't
know there's no way this tell anybody's
yeah it's been a first great first date
in the Asian cuisine marketplace Cody
over here got it what you think
I got one more experience I think I know
what the word is I think everyone else
no good
three one two three dark horse Kurt has
no idea what's going on yeah it's dark
and that has nothing to do with the
people are all right we're gonna go now
check Kurt out if you don't know what's
up Cody's got an album dropping soon
right Cody got it and Kurt's got crazy
he does a video every week that's insane
tried to he doesn't sleep his actually
his best video is him in the airport now
remember night does a lot why she's all
day like this a bit I was like what's up
guys the airport it's like really early
bouse I bear that in the heart the heart
was disgusting thank you if you ever if
you really want to know how to get to a
lady's heart learn how to play the hard
way the heart is that right yeah right
you think guitar is good but
so freaking art so put your frisbees
away and start playing the harp here to
here first is an agent ice cream
sponsored by kurt hugo schneider review
i would sponsor this i would sponsor
this detonating you heard that they all
heard it all right all right we'll see
you guys next time peace